Currently, our private blockchain is isolated,
but if we want the functionality to submit an audit data on it,
we need to create a backend web service that
allows us to consume and use the blockchain data.
Now, this section is all about planning.
Planning how to create a Web service with our private blockchain.
For the upcoming project,
you'll create a Web service using RESTful APIs and other third party libraries that will
interact with your private blockchain to submit and
audit blockchain data and validate the blockchain health.
Thus, transforming your private blockchain into a valuable Web service.
Looking ahead, these are the steps that will take to accomplish this.
First, we need to configure an API Web service with GET/POST endpoints.
This requires building and deploying a local Web service with
Node.js and configuring API endpoints with static mock data for testing.
The endpoints will be able to get a block by
its ID and then post information about a new block.
Next, we'll migrate your private blockchain to the API Web service.
In doing so, we'll also configure the API endpoints with your private blockchain.
The endpoints will also be able to get a block by
its ID and post information about a new block.
It's okay if you're unclear about how to complete some or even all these steps just yet.
We'll be going over this altogether.
Just understand that we'll be moving through the process step by step in this manner,
and I've also linked this plan down on the text below for your reference.
Now, the past cubal sections was an overview
of Web services and how it integrates with blockchains.
We covered, what is a Web service as well as
considerations when integrating a Web service with blockchains.
We also looked at plans for building a Web service with our private blockchain.
In the planning section, we lay out a guide
of where we are and what needs to be accomplished.
With this background, a plan of attack in mind,
follow along in the next section as we begin to configure a Web service API,
but first building and deploying a local Web service with Node.js.